Adding Flatten docs (#4875)
Codecademy/docs: content/numpy/concepts/ndarray/terms/flatten/flatten.md

> # Introduction - Numpy ndarray: Understanding the flatten() Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.flatten()'
Description: 'Returns a one-dimensional copy of the array.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'NumPy'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---
```

Reviewer: Meta data is needed

> The `flatten()` function in NumPy is a powerful tool for reshaping multi-dimensional arrays into one-dimensional arrays. This function allows you to simplify complex arrays and make them easier to work with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.flatten()`** function in NumPy is a powerful tool for reshaping multi-dimensional arrays into one-dimensional arrays. This function simplifies complex arrays and makes them easier to work with.
```

Reviewer: We  avoid using "you" which is a second person pronoun.

## Syntax

> The syntax for using the `flatten()` function is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax for using the `.flatten()` function is as follows:
```

> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

Reviewer: syntax is written in the ```pseudo``` blocks.

> array.flatten(order='C')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ndarray.flatten(order='C')
```

```

> Here, `array` refers to the multi-dimensional array that you want to flatten. The `order` parameter is optional and specifies the order in which the elements of the array should be flattened. The default value is `'C'`, which means the elements are flattened in row-major (C-style) order.

Reviewer: To describe the parameters, the format format should be used:

- `ndarray`: <Describe this parameter>
- `order`: <Describe this parameter> (For this you can also mention ‘C’, ‘F’, ‘A’, ‘K’)

## Example

> Let's take a look at an example to understand how the `flatten()` function works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at an example to understand how the `.flatten()` function works:
```

```python
import numpy as np

# Create a 2D array
arr = np.array([[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6]])

# Flatten the array
flattened_arr = arr.flatten()

print(flattened_arr)
```

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above produces the following output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

[1 2 3 4 5 6]
```

> In this example, we create a 2D array `arr` using NumPy. Then, we use the `flatten()` function to flatten the array into a one-dimensional array `flattened_arr`. Finally, we print the flattened array, which gives us `[1 2 3 4 5 6]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a 2D array `arr` is created using NumPy. The `.flatten()` function is then used to convert the array into a one-dimensional array `flattened_arr`. The output of the flattened array is then printed.
```

Reviewer: Avoid using "we" and "you"

## Conclusion

> The `flatten()` function in NumPy is a useful tool for reshaping multi-dimensional arrays into one-dimensional arrays. It simplifies complex arrays and makes them easier to work with. By understanding the syntax and usage of this function, you can effectively manipulate and analyze multi-dimensional arrays in your NumPy projects.

Reviewer: Instead of a conclusion here, could you please add a ##Codebyte Example block, it should consist of a runnable code for the `.flatten(). function. Please note that the codebyte block does not have an output block.
